[Longing Heart]
Subtitles by DramaFever
Shin Woo!
Ugh, Kang Shin Woo,
[Episode 4]
that crazy bastard!
Seriously, what's with him?
Ugh, that damn bastard.
Why don't you smoke outside?
Let's go to an internet cafe!
An internet cafe... ow!
Don't you ever have any better ideas?
But that's my favorite place!
Hey, wait.
Whatever.
It's...
a losing game, anyway.
Let's go to the school dumpster.
The school dumpster?
Why, is there something there?
Let's follow him.
Mr. Kang.
You still haven't left?
I was just about to leave.
Oh, good timing.
I have something to return to you.
Mr. Kang.
Now, I'll say what
I should've said yesterday.
To me, you are...
a precious disciple.
That's what you are to me now,
and what you will always be.
That's my answer to the
problem you asked me to solve.
Don't get the wrong idea.
I'm not crying because
that's the wrong answer.
It's because I already knew...
that this was the answer.
But...
I asked you to solve a problem
I already know the answer to
and hoped that you would
choose the wrong answer.
Because you wouldn't
be able to help it.
Thank you, Mr. Kang.
For giving me a serious
and proper rejection, I mean.
Because, that means...
that you took my
confession seriously, too.
Let's go downstairs now.
It's coming from the men's
bathroom, Mr. Kang!
Which son-of-a-bitch
was smoking at school?
You're not hurt anywhere, are you?
I should be the one asking you that.
- Are you okay?
- Yes.
Some of the embers
might have singed you
so check yourself over carefully
when you get home.
We can't go this way.
Let's try the other side.
Ugh.
You have your phone, right?
Give it to me. I'll call someone.
I don't have my cellphone.
What?
Why not?
I usually don't bring my phone to school
since I'll get demerits
if I'm caught with one.
Then...
how are we going to
get out of here now?
I feel like I should be the one
asking you that question.
What the... what's wrong
with the lights?
Oh, they must have short-circuited when
we were putting out the fire earlier.
Ugh, this is driving me crazy!
Ugh.
What floor are we on, again?
The... third floor.
Oh!
This is probably way too high up
to try and jump down, right?
Man, what do we do?
I bet your parents
will be so worried.
Oh, the two of them are away
at a conference.
They'll probably come home
the day after tomorrow.
Oh man.
I bet this is going to hurt
my lower back like crazy.
Do I have to sleep on
top of the desks, then?
Have you always been
such a reckless person?
Pardon?
You're going to get yourself into
tons of trouble one of these days!
Do you know what a scary place
this world is nowadays?
If you get locked in a place
like this with a man
the first thing you should do
is to dig through a tool box!
You should hold a hammer in one
hand, and a club in the other
and stay at least three meters
away from him, all right?
You know, like...
hold onto something like
this, at the very least!
Why... would I need to do that?
Also, I'm not a woman.
I'm your disciple.
At any rate, from now on
if something like this happens
to you again in the future...
wait, no.
Something like this can never
happen to you again.
You got that?
Hurry up and answer me!
Yes, Mr. Kang.
Well, we don't have any
other choice today, though
so you sleep here.
I'm going to go sleep in the hallway.
Oh!
Um... you want me to...
sleep in here alone?
Mr. Kang.
Are you sleeping?
No.
Then...
can't you...
tell me about your first love?
She was in the same class
as me in high school.
I liked her quite a lot back then,
and I still like her a lot now.
How does that person
feel about you, then?
Does that person
like you too, Mr. Kang?
Well...
that's a really difficult question
for me to answer.
How should I put this?
Do I say that she used to like me,
or that she likes me?
What's her name?
The name of your first love.
That's something that I really
can't tell you right now.
Why not?
Later.
I'll tell you later.
What's her job, then?
She's a doctor.
Is she pretty?
Yeah.
Really, really pretty.
Why did your first love have to be
someone who was so perfect in every way?
I can't even compete against her.
Well, it's okay.
They say that people never end up
with their first loves, anyway.
So, starting today,
I'm going to pray
that your first love
gets married to someone else.
Hey, Han Ji Soo!
That was a bit over the line!
Mr. Kang.
Yeah?
I...
won't make you feel
uncomfortable anymore.
Since I've received a gift for having
my heart properly broken and all.
The gift... for having
your heart broken?
Didn't you have thoughts
like this, too
When you liked your
first love, Mr. Kang?
Things like, "I wish I could be alone
with that person for just one day."
"I wish we could talk
and laugh together."
If I could just have
one day like that
I wouldn't wish
for anything else.
Thoughts like that.
I just had that wish
come true for me.
So, now...
I won't make you feel
uncomfortable anymore.
Thanks for understanding.
Also, look closely around you.
There's definitely a little punk
who's thinking the same thing you are.
Someone who'd be satisfied with
not a day, but even just half a day.
Wait, no.
Someone who would be satisfied with
being alone with you for even an hour.
Who's that?
Oh, just someone.
A punk who will go on to
like only you...
for the next ten years.
I would've been happy...
if this hadn't happened now...
but at another time,
under different circumstances.
I would have been...
so happy to have been
confessed to by you.
What is this?
Kang Shin Woo?
Mr. Kang?
Is that you, Mr. Kang?
Yeah, it's me!
I'm trapped in here!
Hey, do you see something that
looks like a switch there?
Just a moment.
W-what the...
t-there was an emergency exit?
What are you doing here, sir?
I know, right?
Exactly!
Hey, what was I
even doing here?
Mr. Kang!
You...
were here together all night?
With Ji Soo?
No.
I was here alone.
I was here alone all night,
until you got me out.
You...
understand what I'm trying to say,
right, Kang Shin Woo?
Let's get out of here first.
And I need to explain
the situation to you, too.
I have no reason...
to hear your explanation.
You didn't tell me to come here early in
the morning to talk to me about this.
There's no way that those thugs
from our class will come.
So whether you make me volunteer
around school, or punish me...
I'll do what I need to do.
So you do what you need
to do as well, Mr. Kang.
Because I completely understand...
what you're trying to say.
Shin Woo!
Were you the one who
opened the door for us?
Eat even if you don't
have an appetite.
You didn't even sleep well
so you'll have to eat well if you're
going to get through the day.
Yes, Mr. Kang.
But, why did Shin Woo fight
with Go Sung Jin yesterday?
Huh?
His face looked really badly injured.
Just a moment, Mr. Kang.
[Jisan Pharmacy]
Here.
What's this?
Ointment, what else?
It's fine.
It'll scar if you don't treat it.
I got rejected last night.
And all night, at that.
And I couldn't even run away after
I got rejected since we were locked in.
Hey.
Don't go around saying
things like that to anyone.
Who else would I talk about
this with, except you?
I'm saying, be careful!
For you, that may have just been a night
when you were rejected by Mr. Kang.
But others might believe
that it wasn't just that.
What do you mean...
A male teacher and a
female student who liked him
spent the night at school together.
Who do you think will be hurt
if that rumor spreads?
Hey, Kang Shin Woo!
You know that it wasn't like that at all!
So what if I know?
What does that matter?
Which crazy bastard did this?
Not only did you smoke in school,
but you started a fire, too?
Why didn't you just burn the
school down, while you were at it?
Huh?
Who was it?
You're not going to confess?
Don't, then.
Don't.
I'm going to get a full-on
forensic investigation done!
Got that?
Get up.
Heed my words, Culprit.
You only have until today.
If you don't confess
that it was you by today
this won't just end with just
a letter of apology.
Got that?
This will end with a
police report instead!
Damn, who on earth was it?
Hey, Kang Shin Woo!
See me for a sec.
What did you want to talk about?
It was me.
The one who smoked in the
bathroom yesterday, I mean.
Of course, I didn't start
that fire on purpose.
I just tossed my cigarette
butt out, but...
I got unlucky,
and this ended up happening.
Why not go to Mokzart with this
pathetic confession instead?
I bet the dean will love it.
I'm afraid that
you'll have to be the one
to do the confessing, though.
And say that you were the culprit.
Oh no, what a shame, though.
I really don't have the time to
listen to your bullshit.
If you're bored, go and do
what you're good at.
You know, sleeping.
Oh, really, now?
I wonder if you could still
say that after seeing this.
You like Han Ji Soo, right?
Hey, Kang Shin Woo!
Where are you going?
Why are you going to the main office?
Jeez.
What's gotten into
that punk these days?
So they want me to do a forensic
investigation, then. Fine.
Yeah, what is it, Kang Shin Woo?
Are you out of your mind, you bastard?
It was me.
What are you talking about?
The one who smoked in the
bathroom and started the fire...
was me.
Hey!
That crazy bastard Kang Shin Woo
really has lost his mind!
Why?
What happened?
You know the fire in the bathroom?
Apparently, the one who
smoked was Shin Woo!
What are you talking about?
Shin Woo doesn't smoke.
That's what I'm saying.
But he went to Mokzart
and turned himself in!
Where is Kang Shin Woo right now?
Um, the main office.
Fourteen!
Fifteen!
Jeez.
Oh, I'm glad you're here.
I didn't know this, but he's actually
quite a troublemaker.
What? You dare glare at me
as you confess that you did it?
That's arson, you bastard!
Arson is the next most serious
crime, after murder!
Sixteen.
Get up, Kang Shin Woo.
Mr. Kang.
This isn't an issue that you can
just resolve in your classroom.
All right?
Try smoking this.
Why are you just lying there?
If you really are the culprit, then smoke
these in front of me, you bastard!
M-mom.
Is it true, sir?
Did my Shin Woo really...
smoke a cigarette in school...
and start a fire?
Yes.
Is it true?
Did you really do it?
Yeah.
I did it.
How could you have done it?
How could you have done that?
Please don't do this, ma'am.
This will only hurt you more.
Don't you remember
how your father died?
Did I raise you to be like that?
Did I work tirelessly for
365 days a year
just so you could do things
like this, you bastard?
Please calm down, ma'am, okay?
Please don't do this, ma'am.
It wasn't Shin Woo.
I know this for certain.
Shin Woo definitely isn't
the one who did this.
My Shin Woo didn't do it, Mr. Kang?
So don't act this way here...
and go back home, ma'am.
Everything will be fine.
Who did it, then, if it wasn't
Kang Shin Woo? Huh?
That makes no sense.
How... do you know, Mr. Kang?
You really are...
hopeless.
I was hoping
that you'd choose differently,
this time around.
You...
like Han Ji Soo, right?
Want me to give this to
Han Ji Soo instead?
Or, would you rather go
to the dean for me?
My eighteen-year-old self
was that much of a coward.
I didn't have the courage
to reveal my feelings to Ji Soo.
I was so much of a coward that I took
the blame for those thugs' wrongdoing.
Don't you even remember
how your father died?
But, I didn't know back then...
That I didn't have
long after that...
until both my mom
and Ji Soo...
would leave my side.
Mom.
I didn't know that would be
the last time I'd see you.
Who am I...
supposed to...
apologize to...
now?
I...
You're not hiding your feelings
because you like Ji Soo.
It was just that being cowardly
was easier for you
while hiding behind me.
I was hoping that you wouldn't
be cowardly this time.
I was hoping you'd be a
better person, but you...
are completely twisted.
[DramaFever Ver] E03 Longing Heart
-= Ruo Xi =-
I'm not cutting class.
You told me to volunteer around school.
You didn't specify where I needed to be.
But I have to obey
every word you say.
Then listen the hell up,
instead of spouting nonsense.
Because I know that it was you.
I have no idea what
you're talking about.
You were the one who smoked in
the bathroom yesterday.
You picked up the gift that Kang Shin Woo
threw away in the dumpster
and I'm sure you used that
to blackmail Kang Shin Woo.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I can't give you a 100 for that answer.
What?
It's true that I did pick up the
gift that Kang Shin Woo threw away
but I never blackmailed him with it.
This is 911, right?
I have something to ask you.
Hey.
What if it really was
Kang Shin Woo who did that?
He'll probably just be given
disciplinary action, right?
But this isn't just a simple smoking
incident that he was busted for.
They said it was arson.
It's not arson if it wasn't intentional.
It'll be considered an accident.
The correct terminology
isn't the important thing, here!
Of course it is, when it determines
how severe a crime is!
Arson is deliberate,
while an accident is not!
Do you think I want to hear
an explanation about that right now?
Stop it, already!
Not even my mom and dad
fight like you two do!
You two are even worse than a couple
that has been married for 20 years!
Ugh.
Where are you going, Ji Soo?
Why is Kang Shin Woo
doing this, then?
I'm sure Kang Shin Woo knows
the answer, so go ask him.
I have to go now to get suspended
or expelled, or whatever else.
Stop putting on that
tough guy act, punk.
You think that
there will come a day when
you will get the chance
to right all of the wrongs
you're committing now, right?
But people don't know that
those kinds of chances in the future
aren't fairly distributed to everyone.
And that, what you can change
isn't the future,
but only the here and now.
The reason why I came here
isn't just because of Kang Shin Woo,
but because of you, too.
It's so that you can listen to
what you'll be doing on what month,
date, hour, and minute.
So that you can listen carefully
to what will happen to you...
so that you might start living
your life better from now on.
So go, and confess it yourself.
Tell me why Kang Shin Woo
is doing that at the main office.
So you're saying that you did it, right?
Yes.
You're saying that you did it
but Mr. Kang keeps insisting
that it wasn't you.
This is driving me insane.
How am I supposed to make
heads or tails of this?
Sir.
Shin Woo wasn't the one
who smoked yesterday.
What are you talking about?
Yeah, what are you talking about,
seriously? Tell me.
I saw Shin Woo on his way
out of school yesterday.
And I remember the exact time, too
since I'd locked up the library
and left at that time.
But there's too huge of a gap between
the time that Shin Woo left school
and when the fire alarm went off.
I asked the fire department
and the time it usually takes for a
cigarette butt to start a fire
is 12 minutes, but...
Oh, wait, wait, wait.
How do you know what time
the fire alarm went off?
Mr. Kang was the only person
at school when it went off!
Well...
Hey, Han Ji Soo.
Last night...
Mr. Kang and I were locked behind
the fireproof gates together...
If we'd been locked in there together,
I would've been a lot less bored.
Right?
When I was going around
looking for witnesses
I told people what time
the fire alarm went off.
Thanks, Sherlock Holmes.
You're right.
It wasn't Kang Shin Woo.
What's this, then?
Oh, I know. A ghost must
have smoked it.
Right?
Sheesh.
Oh, never mind.
It doesn't matter, since we'll have
our culprit after we get the DNA tested...
Wait, wait, wait!
What is it?
Wow.
Look at this.
He smoked it right down to the filter.
Those bastards.
Oh no!
Mr. Kang!
Oh my!
Oh my.
I don't know if you'll still be able
to do DNA testing with this!
I don't think you'll be able to.
And just how long will
you be cutting class?
Hurry up and go to the classroom!
How could you be so careless?
I'm sorry.
Fix this, now!
I can go on my own.
Oh, really, now?
Ow!
You're unbelievable.
Why on earth did you do this?
Why did you go so far as to get beaten
like this, and lie about doing that?
You like Han Ji Soo, don't you?
Yeah.
I like her.
What are you going to do about it?
No, I'm just saying...
that I was at the stairwell
early this morning, too.
A male teacher who is
in the prime of his youth
and a young female student
spent the night together.
Even though there was
an emergency exit door.
Wow, I bet this story will get
people's imaginations going.
And this happened at
school, of all places.
You crazy bastard!
Hey.
So, what will you do?
Shall I use my imagination
to fill in the blanks about
what happened between Mr. Kang
and Han Ji Soo by myself?
Or should I make the rest of the school
join me in filling in the blanks?
That's why I'm saying...
you need to do me this favor.
Huh?
- I asked you why you did it?
- Oh.
I had my reasons.
It would've been better for me
to have gotten hit and be done with it.
- Ow!
- Oh!
Are you okay?
See?
I was so frustrated at the fact
that the past wasn't changing
despite how hard
I was trying to change it.
But...
something that changed
without me realizing it...
was him.
What about you?
Why did you do that?
What?
You were going to tell Mokzart that
you were at school yesterday too, right?
I told you.
No good will come out of
people knowing about it.
Who cares if people find out?
How could I just watch
as this happened to you?
I'm thinking about reporting this
to the Department of Education.
Is it okay for them to beat someone
like this, without checking the facts?
We can report that together
and then just quit school, too.
It's just that this makes me so upset!
But, why did Shin Woo...
get into a fight with
Go Sung Jin yesterday?
His face looked really
badly injured.
Just a moment, Mr. Kang.
One of them is unaware of
other people's feelings...
and the other one is unaware of
their own feelings.
[Letter of Resignation]
You submitted a letter of resignation?
Did something happen?
I just feel like I don't need to
be here anymore, is all.
There's no class that doesn't
need its homeroom teacher.
So, I'm sorry, but...
I'll leave my class to you
until vacation.
Why are you talking like that
as if I'll never see you again?
You'll keep seeing me around
until you get sick of me
so don't you worry about that.
What would you call this?
The background and the
subject don't quite match.
Disharmony?
Why is he here?
Jeez.
Our homeroom teacher definitely
said that he graduated from our school.
Ugh.
I was planning to find embarrassing
photos of him and show them to Ms. Baek.
Wait a minute.
Why am I doing this?
Why do I care if Ms. Baek likes Mr. Kang,
or that she can't forget about him?
What does that have to do with me?
What are you doing?
Why aren't you eating?
Oh, um, yeah.
I'm eating.
Let's eat, let's eat.
All right, then!
Eat up, everyone.
Ugh, he has no self-awareness.
Does he want me to eat,
or get indigestion?
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah, where did Kang Shin Woo
and Han Ji Soo go?
They said they were eating ramen,
and went to the school store.
- Oh, really?
- Yes.
But, hey, doesn't it seem like
they've been hanging out together a lot?
Yeah, you're right.
Something fishy is going on between them.
I don't know.
I think you two are the ones
who have something fishy going on.
You two are dating, right?
What?
Who's dating who, now?
H-how did you know, sir?
Because I remember it
starting around this time.
Oh, who cares if you two are dating?
Hey, your homeroom teacher isn't the
type to break couples apart, okay?
I can't accept this.
How is this different from me and
Min Seok or me and Shin Woo dating?
Shut your mouth.
Why, I ought to...
I have two friends who
are a couple now.
And they started dating in
high school, just like you two.
But those two ended up
having a kid in college.
Well, they did get married and
live happily with each other, yeah.
But they had to give up
so much because of that.
Their dreams.
Their youth.
Things like that.
But, um, why are you telling us
about your friends, Mr. Kang?
Just pay close attention
during sex-ed, okay?
Jeez.
You two are making me lose my appetite.
This is making me feel sick.
Oh yeah, also...
I have a favor to ask of you,
Choo Geun Deok.
Stop Mokzart from making moves.
Pardon?
Stop Mokzart from making
moves on Ms. Baek.
You're an expert at that, after all.
Mokzart likes the English teacher?
Damn it!
All right, your homeroom teacher who has
no self-awareness will disappear now
so enjoy your lunches.
Oh yeah.
Also, if you two get into a fight,
resolve it among yourselves!
Don't call your friends and harass them
about it, especially Kang Shin Woo!
Got that?
Enjoy your lunches.
But... how did Mr. Kang know?
I know, right?
It hasn't even been 24 hours since
we started dating, after all.
Eat up.
You too.
Because your homeroom teacher
destroyed the evidence
we've decided to resolve this matter
within the school, lucky for you.
Got it?
But how dare you lie about doing it!
That's a punishable offense, too, punk!
Be thankful that this is the
extent of your punishment.
Yes, sir.
Both the student and
the teacher are the same.
Not only are they both annoying,
but they also have the same name!
Hey, want to play a game with me?
Didn't you see me getting
hit with a bat before?
I feel like I should be in a
wheelchair right now!
Shouldn't you bounce back from
something like that in half a day?
I feel like I did,
back when I was your age.
Well, unfortunately, I'm not you.
So I'll have to decline.
Well, I decline your declining me
and I'll give you a chance to reconsider.
Because after today
you and I will never be able
to face off against each other again.
Let's go!
"Let's go?"
I have to pump air
into these, though!
- Ow!
- There we go!
Yay, I scored!
That one doesn't count!
I mean it!
You hit me where I got hit
on purpose just now!
Hey, in that case,
you should be disqualified!
You tripped me and
pinched me last time!
Well, I saw you clenching your teeth
when you elbowed the ball!
Oh... you saw that?
What do you mean... oh, forget it!
I'm not doing this!
I really can't get along with you.
Hey, I was just thinking
the same thing, okay?
Hey, Kang Shin Woo.
Why did you do it?
What do you mean?
Taking the blame for that
thug's smoking incident.
Mr. Kang.
You even knew that the
culprit was that thug?
Hey, I'm the one who
asked a question.
So don't try to turn this around,
and just answer my question.
Why did you do it?
Why did you say that you did it?
I felt that I had to do that...
in order to not have any regrets.
You're always talking about how you
have regrets and such, Mr. Kang.
So maybe that kind of
thinking rubbed off on me.
I just remembered you
saying that, so...
You know, you're much more
decent of a guy than I am.
You must feel proud that you have
a disciple who has surpassed you.
Eh? Look at you,
messing around with me!
Ow! All right, all right!
But, are you going somewhere, Mr. Kang?
I quit my job at the school today.
And Ms. Baek will be taking over
our class starting tomorrow.
What?
Why? Do you feel like you've finally
gotten a sore tooth extracted?
Wait, so you're not coming
starting tomorrow?
Yeah, you punk!
I, the person who gets in the way, will
disappear just as you wanted me to!
Then...
what about Ji Soo?
Shouldn't you go see her
before you go, at least?
Are you an idiot?
Seriously!
Ji Soo is the girl you like
and I'm the guy that she likes!
And yet, you're telling
me to go see her?
How could you possibly
say something like that?
- But, still...
- Try one more time.
Here.
This is...
Give it another shot.
Confessing your feelings
to her, I mean. Trust me.
You are a disciple who has
surpassed his teacher, after all.
So the end result of your first love
has to be different from mine, right?
This caller is unavailable.
Leave a message at the tone.
[Calling: Ji Soo]
This caller is unavailable.
Leave a message at the tone.
Put this on before you go to bed.
Just leave it there.
What would you have done today if it
hadn't been for your homeroom teacher?
You're not going to ask me why I did it?
Why I took the blame for it?
Well, I'm sure you had a good
enough reason for doing so.
You don't need to be
good at studying
and you can get into trouble
a couple of times, too.
But... don't hurt other people.
That's the only thing.
What's this?
Isn't it a women's ring?
Um, it's for you, Mom!
Yeah. For you.
I was going to give it to you, Mom.
Why are you taking it away from me, then?
If it's mine, then give it to me.
Okay.
Let me see if it fits.
I'm... I'm heading out for a bit!
Where are you going,
in the middle of the night?
Mom.
I'm sorry about before.
Oh man, the screen is cracked!
Shin Woo?
What's going on...
Hey, what happened to you?
Oh.
It's just that I ran here, since none
of the buses are running anymore.
You ran here, even though
you're injured?
Our homeroom teacher...
quit his job.
He said he's leaving
early this morning.
And...
I figured that you'd want to see him.
What?
See who before I go, now?
He's like a mouse who is being
considerate of a cat.
Mr. Kang.
Mr. Kang!
what if I do that...
and end up not wanting
to leave, forever?
What is he planning to do then?
[Han Ji Soo]
Let's go back.
Because...
Ji Soo will definitely be
waiting for me there.
Because this definitely won't be
the last time that I see her.
Because I'll be able to see her again.
Subtitles by DramaFever
[Longing Heart]
Are you really leaving?
Ji Soo said that she may be
leaving to study abroad.
- Study abroad?
- You quit your job at the school?
Oh, I'm kind of in the
mood for it right now
so do you want to do some
day-drinking with me?
Please promise me
one thing, ma'am.
A promise?
Am I done doing everything
I need to do here?
Is it a habit of yours to not
know how to apologize, too?
You were the one who smoked
in the bathroom that day.
Yeah.
I don't care if it's fated to be or not.
I can't do it.
Will the future really have changed,
once I go back?
I can't just let her leave without
having tried to stop her even once.
Kang Shin Woo!
Get in!
What are you planning to do?
Mr. Kang!